README.md, before:

# Prefiller - AI-Powered Form Filling Extension

An intelligent Chrome extension that uses Google Gemini AI to automatically fill forms based on your personal documents and context.

## Features

- 🤖 **AI-Powered Form Filling**: Uses Google Gemini API to generate contextually appropriate responses
- 📄 **Document Upload**: Upload personal documents (TXT, PDF, DOC, DOCX) to provide context
- 🔍 **Smart Form Detection**: Automatically detects and analyzes form fields on any webpage
- ✨ **Intelligent Responses**: Generates professional, relevant responses based on your documents
- 🎨 **Modern UI**: Built with Preact and Tailwind CSS for a clean, responsive interface
- 🔒 **Privacy-Focused**: Your documents and API key are stored locally in your browser

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- Chrome browser
- Google Gemini API key ([Get one here](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey))

### Installation

1. **Clone and install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Build the extension:**
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

3. **Load in Chrome:**
   - Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions/`
   - Enable "Developer mode"
   - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `dist` folder

### Configuration

1. **Set up API Key:**
   - Click the Prefiller extension icon in your toolbar
   - Enter your Google Gemini API key
   - Click "Save"

2. **Upload Documents:**
   - In the extension popup, drag and drop your personal documents
   - Supported formats: TXT, PDF, DOC, DOCX
   - These documents provide context for form filling

## Usage

1. **Navigate to a webpage with forms**
2. **Click the extension icon** or let it auto-analyze the page
3. **Click "Analyze Page"** to detect form fields
4. **Click "Fill Forms"** to automatically fill detected fields with AI-generated responses

### Manual Form Filling

- Click "Analyze Page" to highlight detected form fields
- Click "Fill Forms" to populate them with personalized content
- Review and modify the filled content as needed

## Development

### Project Structure

```
src/
├── popup/          # Extension popup UI
├── content/        # Content script for form detection
├── background/     # Background service worker
├── components/     # Reusable UI components
├── types/          # TypeScript type definitions
└── utils/          # Utility functions
```

### Build Commands

- `npm run dev` - Development mode with hot reload
- `npm run build` - Production build
- `npm run preview` - Preview the built extension

### Technologies Used

- **Preact** - Lightweight React alternative for UI
- **TypeScript** - Type safety and better development experience
- **Vite** - Fast build tool and development server
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **Chrome Extensions API** - Browser integration

## Privacy & Security

- API keys are stored locally in Chrome's sync storage
- Documents are processed locally and sent only to Google's Gemini API
- No data is stored on external servers
- Follows Chrome extension security best practices

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **"No forms detected"**
   - Make sure the page has visible input fields
   - Try refreshing the page and analyzing again

2. **"API key error"**
   - Verify your Gemini API key is correct
   - Check that your API key has proper permissions

3. **Forms not filling**
   - Ensure you have uploaded relevant documents
   - Check that the extension is enabled
   - Try analyzing the page first

### Getting Help

If you encounter issues:
1. Check the browser console for error messages
2. Verify your API key and documents are properly configured
3. Try disabling and re-enabling the extension

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

Commit message:

feat: add AI-powered form filling with multiple providers and PDF support
Core Features:
- Multi-provider AI support (Groq, Claude, Gemini, Chrome AI)
- PDF text extraction using PDF.js with local worker bundling
- Intelligent document parsing with regex fallback
- Form detection in iframes with cross-frame communication
- Comprehensive logging throughout AI flow

AI Providers:
- Groq API with Llama 3.3 70B (free, fast)
- Claude API (Sonnet 4.5)
- Gemini API (Pro)
- Chrome AI (Gemini Nano - local, free)
- Extensible AI service architecture

Document Processing:
- PDF.js integration for proper PDF text extraction
- Document parser extracts emails, phones, skills, education
- Metadata parsing (names, locations, dates, sections)
- Caching parsed documents in storage

Form Filling:
- Advanced form scraper with visibility detection
- Label detection using multiple strategies
- Support for text inputs, textareas, select dropdowns
- Form highlighting and fill status indicators
- Cross-frame communication for iframe forms

Content Script:
- Self-contained content-bundled.ts to avoid ES6 import errors
- Iframe detection and cross-origin form handling
- postMessage API for multi-frame coordination
- Detailed console logging for debugging

UI/UX:
- Multi-step wizard (Setup → Documents → Actions)
- Drag & drop document upload
- Real-time parsing feedback
- Error handling with user-friendly messages

Technical Improvements:
- Fixed PDF binary data issue (was sending raw bytes to AI)
- Fixed regex error with C++ skill detection
- Fixed Vite bundling for Chrome extension CSP
- Added web_accessible_resources for PDF worker
- Proper API key encoding/decoding

README.md, after:

# Prefiller - AI-Powered Form Filling Extension

An intelligent Chrome extension that uses AI (Anthropic Claude or Google Gemini) to automatically fill forms based on your personal documents and context.

## Features

- 🤖 **AI-Powered Form Filling**: Uses Anthropic Claude or Google Gemini API to generate contextually appropriate responses
- 🧠 **Multiple AI Providers**: Choose between Claude (default) and Gemini based on your preference
- 📄 **Document Upload**: Upload personal documents (TXT, PDF, DOC, DOCX) to provide context
- 🔍 **Smart Form Detection**: Automatically detects and analyzes form fields on any webpage
- ✨ **Intelligent Responses**: Generates professional, relevant responses based on your documents
- 🎨 **Modern UI**: Built with Preact and Tailwind CSS for a clean, responsive interface
- 🔒 **Privacy-Focused**: Your documents and API key are stored locally in your browser

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- Chrome browser
- AI API key:
  - **Claude API key** ([Get one here](https://console.anthropic.com/account/keys)) - Recommended
  - **Gemini API key** ([Get one here](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey)) - Alternative

### Installation

1. **Clone and install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Build the extension:**
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

3. **Load in Chrome:**
   - Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions/`
   - Enable "Developer mode"
   - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `dist` folder

### Configuration

1. **Choose AI Provider & Set up API Key:**
   - Click the Prefiller extension icon in your toolbar
   - Choose between Anthropic Claude (recommended) or Google Gemini
   - Enter your API key for the selected provider
   - Click "Verify & Connect"

2. **Upload Documents:**
   - In the extension popup, drag and drop your personal documents
   - Supported formats: TXT, PDF, DOC, DOCX
   - These documents provide context for form filling

## Usage

1. **Navigate to a webpage with forms**
2. **Click the extension icon** or let it auto-analyze the page
3. **Click "Analyze Page"** to detect form fields
4. **Click "Fill Forms"** to automatically fill detected fields with AI-generated responses

### Manual Form Filling

- Click "Analyze Page" to highlight detected form fields
- Click "Fill Forms" to populate them with personalized content
- Review and modify the filled content as needed

## Development

### Project Structure

```
src/
├── popup/          # Extension popup UI
├── content/        # Content script for form detection
├── background/     # Background service worker
├── components/     # Reusable UI components
├── types/          # TypeScript type definitions
└── utils/          # Utility functions
```

### Build Commands

- `npm run dev` - Development mode with hot reload
- `npm run build` - Production build
- `npm run preview` - Preview the built extension

### Technologies Used

- **Preact** - Lightweight React alternative for UI
- **TypeScript** - Type safety and better development experience
- **Vite** - Fast build tool and development server
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **Chrome Extensions API** - Browser integration
- **Anthropic Claude API** - Advanced AI for form filling (default)
- **Google Gemini API** - Alternative AI provider

## Privacy & Security

- API keys are stored locally in Chrome's sync storage
- Documents are processed locally and sent only to your chosen AI provider (Claude or Gemini)
- No data is stored on external servers
- Follows Chrome extension security best practices

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **"No forms detected"**
   - Make sure the page has visible input fields
   - Try refreshing the page and analyzing again

2. **"API key error"**
   - Verify your API key is correct for the selected provider
   - Check that your API key has proper permissions
   - For Claude: Ensure you have credits available
   - For Gemini: Check API quota and billing

3. **Forms not filling**
   - Ensure you have uploaded relevant documents
   - Check that the extension is enabled
   - Try analyzing the page first

### Getting Help

If you encounter issues:
1. Check the browser console for error messages
2. Verify your API key and documents are properly configured
3. Try disabling and re-enabling the extension

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.
